hey spider right here and I want to
bring you a quick update for modern
warfare 3 apparently there's some
updates that have made today 40 to look
at him there he is 40 to Robert Bowling
sir about the lower his picture but you
know he tweeted out yesterday that
they're adding new public playlist in
modern warfare 3 tomorrow drop zone
harcore headquarters in ricochet
variants in bound so the first one I
want to touch on is this a drop zone so
apparently it tasks yeah tassa players
with capturing and holding an area may
be called the drop zone not the drop-off
zone it's not a drop-off zone it's a
drop zone and when you have more players
in that zone apparently you'll get care
packages like every 15 seconds and the
only way to achieve point streaks is by
earning those care packages so we'll
have to try that we'll have to try it
out maybe we'll get some games record
this weekend and post them up for you
they're also going to I guess they're
expanding upon this whole community
playlist section which is includes this
drop zone so there may be other popular
and unique privates modes that will be
available there that have actually been
created by users so maybe you'll see
like in fact it or something like that
like I think it's pretty interesting
that they'll be adding in these these
game modes in here I think they actually
did that with what the hell it wasn't
gears it was halo I don't remember I
don't remember anyway so that's really
cool that's that's good to hear so with
the hardcore stuff they're adding
obviously hardcore headquarters and
they're going to be adding variants too
many of the hardcore if not all the
hardcore game modes with ricochet so if
you shoot your teammate you will take
the damage instead of your teammate
which you know i can understand because
there's a lot of team killing that goes
on in hardcore but the same time you
know you want friendly fire so if you
accidentally kill somebody but i guess
it's a balance and i think for the most
part there's there's more team killing
so you know it's appropriate to have the
the Ricochet variants in there
then the last thing that they're looking
at and I don't know I guess we'll have
to see and it's been tweeted that the
update will be available today today to
continue to address this host advantage
or disadvantage a lag compensation
problem that is ongoing and has been
part of this title since launch and it's
getting better i will say it's getting
better but at the same time still needs
work so well we'll see we'll see what
happens this weekend look forward to
playing it this weekend trying some of
the new game modes and hopefully there's
additional compensation for this leg
thing and and we get a more consistent
experience from game to game so anyways
just want to bring that guys to you guys
hope you guys enjoy that what do you
think of me doing this on a regular
basis I mean you know throwing those
little images in there you like the leg
compensation image is pretty cool but
you know I'm just trying to keep you
guys informed anyways I'm spread bite
and I'm out